Episode X
THE MASTER AWAKENS

Turmoil grips the galaxy. For over
one hundred days, the Galactic Senate
collapses, trade routes are blocked,
and civil liberties are trampled.

In the shadows of this unrest, a lone
Padawan trains in the ancient ways of
the Jedi Order. Enduring trials of
the mind and spirit, battling grief,
tribal conflict, and the frailty of
the flesh, he ascends.

With the Force as his ally, the young
initiate FAHIM has now claimed the
title of JEDI MASTER. His lightsaber
steady, his convictions unwavering, 
he brings balance to chaos, solving
the most arcane of mathematical
holocrons.

But the path of the Jedi is never
complete...

Now, MASTER FAHIM faces a challenge
even the greatests Masters dare not
underestimate... to bring forth a
future ROUF, a child strong in the
Force.

Whispers in the Outer Rim speak of a
destined heir...
a princess who shall rise from
his lineage â€” one who may yet restore
harmony to the galaxy...